So what if you're the president of the Shure Group?
What if the 100 billion orders are gone?
I Emgrand Group is still Zheng Cheng's heaven
And I
Still the president of Emgrand Group, worth tens of billions
Want to bring down our Emgrand Group
I don't want to see if you have this ability.
Really?
Did you forget
Just signed a document this morning
File husband
This is the preparation document for today's signing ceremony
Please sign it.
That file is Lin's Group, no.
It's now Emgrand.
Documents for advance procurement
You can fool me
black and white
I'm not forcing you.
So
The current Emgrand Group
Without Shure's 100 billion investment
But purchased hundreds of billions of materials in advance
Chen Shijie, you are broke